Add option for additional logo in footer (#3227)
ONSdigital/design-system: src/components/footer/_macro-options.md

| cols                 | array`<FooterCol>`             | false    | An array of objects for each of the 3 allowed [footer columns](#footercol)                                                                           |
| rows                 | array`<FooterRow>`             | false    | An array for the first [footer row](#footerrow)                                                                                                      |
| legal                | array`<LegalRow>`              | false    | An array of for the [row of legal links](#legalrow)                                                                                                  |

> | poweredBy            | object`<PoweredBy>`            | false    | Settings for a [poweredby logo](#poweredby) in the footer to override the default ONS logo.logo.                                                     |

Reviewer: Duplicate "logo." here

| Name      | Type                                                        | Required | Description                 |
| --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | --------------------------- |
| itemsList | array`<ListItem>` [_(ref)_](/foundations/typography/#lists) | true     | A list of links for the row |

## PoweredBy

| Name               | Type                 | Required | Description                                                                             |
| ------------------ | -------------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | classes            | string               | false    | Classes to be added. Helpful to add a margin utility class to control spacing.          |

Reviewer: Dont think we need to add "Helpful to add a margin utility class to control spacing." Its not the sort of thing we have put in the description of other params

| logo               | object`<LogoObject>` | false    | Logo object to render the poweredby logo                                                |
| extraPoweredByLogo | object`<LogoObject>` | false    | Extra logo to go alongside the ONS logo in the footer                                   |
| oppositeDisplay    | boolean              | false    | Enables an alternative display of the additional logo on the opposite side of the page. |

> ## LogoObject

Reviewer: Think this should just be named logo to be consistent with other documentation. Ive suggested the same for the header

| Name      | Type                                                        | Required | Description                 |
| --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | --------------------------- |
| itemsList | array`<ListItem>` [_(ref)_](/foundations/typography/#lists) | true     | A list of links for the row |

## FooterLogo

| Name    | Type          | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| ------- | ------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| classes | string        | false    | Classes to be added.                                                                                                                                                                          |

> | logos   | Array`<Logo>` | false    | Allows for up to two logos to be used in the footer.                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| logos   | Object`<Logos>` | false    | Allows for up to two logos to be used in the footer.                                                                                                                                          |
```
This is an object not an array and should refer to logos not logo

| display | string        | false    | Allowed values are 'split' or 'default'. The 'split' display positions the additional logo on the opposite side of the page, while the 'default' display places the logos next to each other. |

## Logos

| Name    | Type           | Required | Description                       |
| ------- | -------------- | -------- | --------------------------------- |
| classes | string         | false    | Classes to be added.              |
| logo1   | object`<Logo>` | false    | First Logo. Defaults to ONS logo. |

> | logo2   | object`<Logo`  | false    | Second Logo                       |

Reviewer 2: One missing >
